His Royal Highness the King of Qi
The noble man is still unrepentant
Insult the palace at will
It seems that I want this king to play it myself
Let the queen mother discipline the harem well
His Royal Highness the King of Qi
Don't wrong good people
It is clear that this cheap slave deliberately washed away the fine clothes given to me by the emperor
Oh, do you want this king to ask?
Is this a gift and a deceiver?
If you cut the clothes and not washed them
What are you guilty of?
Purple smoke
exist
It's all your fault
This is not a beautiful dress bestowed by the emperor
If it is washed, it will be washed.
Why bother with a cheap slave
You're in luck
Let's see. Huh?
Is the emperor's slave still going?